a web exclusive my name is Alex Jones I
present the one show on BBC one
I've only been doing it for years I'm
pretty new somebody's phone's going up
that was the first thing they taught me
switch your phone now gosh that's
difficult I mean I'd like to go for
somebody really glamorous like Audrey
Hepburn but I haven't got that much
poise and it would probably somebody
like Renee Zellweger she's because she
did such a great job with Bridget Jones
and I mean I'm not dissimilar to British
um sometimes I think she'd do a grand
job hidden skill at alland no party
pieces but a really good sense of smell
it's not that visual but very handy very
handy and good eyesight
they call me Hawkeye it's not gonna help
with dancing but it's just it's there if
you want to know I have to tell you
truthfully which album my last
downloaded it would have been actually
not too bad
it would have been progress take that
now usually lots of people would go for
a male if it was whom would you like to
get stuck in a lift with but I think it
would actually be Alicia and I would
question her because the one contestant
that I always remember what Jen I'm
thinking she is amazing and she looked
like a dream on a Saturday night is
Alicia and I'd lock her in the left and
ask her how she did it and I'd get all
the tips from her